All right, let's get started. You heard what the judge said: one man is dead, and now
we must decide if another man
will live or die. Premeditated murder
is the most serious charge in our courts. If we
vote guilty, we send him to the electric chair.
That's mandatory. Did the bailiff lock us in here? What do they think we are, crooks? They lock us in
here for a little while. It's standard procedure to
lock the door, they don't want anyone sneaking off.
as i was saying if there is a reasonable doubt
in your minds we must declare the defendant
inaugural team i think we all know that none
of us were asleep in there yes well this is a
serious business and i want to make sure we
all have a clear idea about why we are here
he also said that if there was no reasonable
doubt we must find him guilty am i right the kid's
obviously guilty the judge said if we unanimously
determine that there is no reasonable doubt
then he must be found guilty our verdict must be
unanimous one way or another guilty or not guilty
that's the law i say let's call for a vote i'll
vote anybody doesn't want to vote all right this
has to be a four to nothing vote either way are
we ready all those voting guilty raise your hands
boy oh boy there's always one okay not guilty
i want right okay three to one guilty now i
know where we stand he knifed his own father
four inches in the chests they
proved it a dozen different ways
do you want me to listen for you no then what
do you want nothing i just want to talk if we
are condemning him to die at least we can give
him a few minutes of our time what's your hurry
no no hurry this case is just pretty
obvious why i was convinced the first day
what's there to talk about he's guilty suppose
you're wrong i'm not saying i believe a story
or not maybe i don't so why jabot not guilty
it's not so easy for me to raise my hand and
send a boy off to die without asking talking
about it first who says it's easy for me no one
the old man heard him yell that he was going to
kill his father in his own words he is telling
us what he did how many times have each of us
said i could kill you for doing that or if you
do that once more i'll kill you we say it every
day it doesn't mean we're going to kill someone
the kid said he was going to kill
him and did kill him end of story
so what's bothering you why don't you think he's
guilty i'd like to hear yes i agree let's hear
your reasons we want to give this boy a fair trial
that's our mandate maybe no reason but let's look
at this boy's situation kicked around all his life
smothered dead since he was nine his father in and
out of jail this boy has grown up in the school
of hard knocks and he's wild and angry you know
why he's like that because someone knocked him on
the head once a day every day he's had a pretty
terrible 19 years we just owe him a few words
that's all we don't owe him anything he's a killer
i've listened to words all week the prosecutor
the defense attorney the witness the judge and
don't tell me you're taking this kid's testimony
seriously he's a born liar all his kind are only
an ignorant man can believe that now listen just
because this kid is a different color than you
don't take it personally we're all
adults here let's get to the facts
well what if the boy's story is true we'd
be condemning him to die in false testimony
but certainly you're not suggesting
that all the witnesses were lying
no but maybe they think they saw something when
they really didn't it's possible what are you
rambling about the woman claimed to see the murder
from across the street just as the lights went out
yeah she said that she couldn't sleep she was
in bed and happened to be looking across the
way at their apartment when she saw him stab his
father she's claiming that she could recognize
this boy from 60 feet away as the lights went
out what if she thought she saw him but it was
really someone else she stood in the courtroom
and said she saw it play in this day why would
she lie i'd like to ask you something you
don't believe the boy how come you believe
the woman she's one of them too isn't she you're
a pretty smart fellow aren't you okay take it easy
who made you so wise what are
you the kid's guardian angel
he's got nothing
the woman wouldn't lie
she had no reason to i've got to agree why would
she purge her herself she has nothing to gain
i'm saying that it's possible she saw someone
else the boy claimed he was at the movies
the movies were a load of crap this kid
couldn't even remember the name of the movie
he was supposed to have
seen don't you remember the
the cops testimony i'm telling you the kid
made it up no one could confirm his alibi
this kid stinks of the gutter i've lived in
a slum all my life i used to play around in
a backyard that was filled with garbage maybe
it still smells on me gentlemen now let's be
reasonable the facts are that two witnesses
saw him stab his father at exactly 12 10 a.m
no that's not right only the woman claimed to
have seen it what do you mean claimed she saw it
he's confusing you the old man only heard
the body fall he didn't see the stabbing
then he saw he said he saw the kid running
down the stairs and out of the house so he
called police i'm asking you could the old man
really see the person running down the stairs
his vision isn't very good it was dark is it
possible it was someone else is it possible that
you're wasting our time you keep going around in
circles is there a reasonable doubt that it could
have been someone else that's the question the old
man could have seen him he wasn't that far away
that's true but the woman was
far away wasn't she about 60 feet
why are you rubbing your nose like that i beg your
pardon i want to know why you're rubbing your nose
well if it's any of your business i was
rubbing it because it bothers me a little bit
is it because of your eyeglasses it is now could
we get onto something else your eyeglasses make
those deep impressions on the sides of your
nose i never noticed that before they must
be annoying they are annoying i wouldn't know 20
20. come on already with this optometrist um the
woman who testified that she saw the killing
had the same marks on the sides of her nose
you're right she kept rubbing them in the
courtroom right this woman was about 45 years old
but she tried to look 35 did you notice that all
that makeup her hair dyed the brand new clothes
and no eyeglasses what do you mean no eyeglasses
you don't know that she wore glasses just because
she was rubbing her nose listen i saw them too
i was the one closest to her she had these marks
could those marks be made by anything other than
eyeglasses no they couldn't do you wear glasses
when you go to bed no one does so it's logical
to assume that if she was trying to fall asleep
and look casually out the window she couldn't
see much without her glasses on especially from
60 feet away she wouldn't have seen anything
you don't know what kind of glasses she wore
you're guessing they could have been
sunglasses and here's another guess
maybe she honestly thought she saw the boy
kill his father i say that she only saw a blur
you haven't convinced anyone i call for another
vote what's your hurry are you his executioner
i'm one of them maybe you'd like to pull the
switch for this kid you bet i would i feel sorry
for you listen shut up what it must feel like
to want to pull the switch i'm telling you now
shut up ever since we walked into this room you've
been behaving like a self-appointed public avenger
listen shut up you want to see this boy die
because you personally want it not because
of the facts shut up you're a sadist i'll kill
you you don't really mean you'll kill me do you
another vote has been called
for that's vote guilty
not guilty